# mmbot## Overviewmmbot is an attempt to port github's [Hubot](http://www.github.com/github/hubot) to C#.## Goals1.  __Provide a chat bot written in C# with all the functionality of Hubot but with a script environment more familiar to .Net devs.__ (done)2. __Hubot scripts should be easy to convert into mmbot scripts.__ (done)    This may mean that some weird design choices are made in the API but it should still be very usable, customizable and familiar to .Net devs3. __ScriptCS style scripts should be automatically picked up and run from a scripts folder__ (done)4. __Eventually provide the ability to run from scriptcs__. (blocked)    There are some blockers here in the NuGet package resolution and [dynamic loading of scripts](https://github.com/scriptcs/scriptcs/issues/243)## Current Script Implementations    mmbot animate me <query> - The same thing as `image me`, except adds a few parameters to try to return an animated GIF instead.    mmbot ascii me <query> - Returns ASCII art of the query text.    mmbot convert me <expression> to <units> - Convert expression to given units.    mmbot die - End mmbot process    mmbot echo <text> - Reply back with <text>    mmbot gif me <query> - Returns an animated gif matching the requested search term.    mmbot help - Displays all of the help commands that mmbot knows about.    mmbot help <query> - Displays all help commands that match <query>.    mmbot image me <query> - The Original. Queries Google Images for <query> and returns a random top result.    mmbot map me <query> - Returns a map view of the area returned by `query`.    mmbot math me <expression> - Calculate the given expression.    mmbot mustache me <query> - Searches Google Images for the specified query and mustaches it.    mmbot mustache me <url> - Adds a mustache to the specified URL.    mmbot mute/unmute - turn the volume on/off    mmbot ping -  Reply with pong    mmbot pug bomb N - get N pugs    mmbot pug me - Receive a pug    mmbot spot me <query> - Show the top spotify track result for my query    mmbot spot me winning - Show the best track ever on spotify    mmbot spotify clear queue - clears the play queue    mmbot spotify next - Skips to the next track in the queue.    mmbot spotify pause - Pauses playback    mmbot spotify play <query> -  Plays the first matching track from spotify.    mmbot spotify play <spotifyUri> -  Plays the track(s) from the spotify URI (supports tracks, albums and playlists).    mmbot spotify play album <query> -  Plays the first matching album from spotify.    mmbot spotify queue <query> -  Queues the first matching track from spotify.    mmbot spotify queue <spotifyUri> -  Queues the track(s) from the spotify URI (supports tracks, albums and playlists).    mmbot spotify queue album <query> -  Queues the first matching album from spotify.    mmbot spotify remove <query> from queue - Removes matching tracks from the queue    mmbot spotify show artist|album|playlist <name> - Shows the details of the first matching artist, album or playlist    mmbot spotify show queue    mmbot spotify shuffle on|off - turn on or off shuffle mode    mmbot the rules - Make sure mmbot still knows the rules.    mmbot time - Reply with current time    mmbot translate me <phrase> - Searches for a translation for the <phrase> and then prints that bad boy out.    mmbot translate me from <source> into <target> <phrase> - Translates <phrase> from <source> into <target>. Both <source> and <target> are optional    mmbot turn it down [to 11] - shhhh I'm thinking, optionally provide the volume out of 100    mmbot turn it up [to 66] - crank it baby, optionally provide the volume out of 100    mmbot urban define me <term>  - Searches Urban Dictionary and returns definition    mmbot urban example me <term> - Searches Urban Dictionary and returns example    mmbot urban me <term>         - Searches Urban Dictionary and returns definition    mmbot what is <term>?         - Searches Urban Dictionary and returns definition    mmbot xkcd [latest]- The latest XKCD comic    mmbot xkcd <num> - XKCD comic <num>    mmbot xkcd random - fetch a random XKCD comic    mmbot youtube me <query> - Searches YouTube for the query and returns the video embed link.    